#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
category-encoders==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via shap
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
joblib==1.5.2
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.45.1
    # via numba
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
narwhals==2.9.0
    # via plotly
numba==0.62.1
    # via shap
numpy==2.3.4
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
patsy==1.0.2
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pillow==12.0.0
    # via matplotlib
plotly==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyodbc==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   shap
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   scikit-learn
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shap==0.49.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
slicer==0.0.8
    # via shap
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via -r requirements.in
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via category-encoders
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via shap
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   shap
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
xgboost==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
